feat(curriculum): add Build a Bookstore Page Workshop to FSD cert (#62723)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-bookstore-page/68ec6d9a315221aa31e54816.md

---
id: 68ec6d9a315221aa31e54816
title: Step 4
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

The `class` attribute is used to identify one or more elements for styling. Multiple elements can share the same class. Unlike the `id` attribute, class names do not need to be unique.

> Add a `class` attribute to your `div` from Step 3 and set its value to `card-container`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `class` attribute to your `div` element and set its value to `card-container`.
```

---
id: 68ec6d9a315221aa31e54816
title: Step 4
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

The `class` attribute is used to identify one or more elements for styling. Multiple elements can share the same class. Unlike the `id` attribute, class names do not need to be unique.

Here is an example:

```html
<p class="example">example paragraph</p>
```

Add a `class` attribute to your `div` element and set its value to `card-container`.

# --hints--

Your `div` element should have a `class` attribute.

```js

> assert.exists(document.querySelector('div')?.getAttribute('class'));

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
assert.isTrue(document.querySelector('div')?.hasAttribute('class'));
```
